ok, Guys n all others beings, just stop...Lets have a re-look on time from different perspective and see if we can "release" the notion of time once and for all.
(We will not talk about much details, mathematics, physics etc here...For that is too lengthy and just one of the ways [very crude] of conveying next level of truth.)
'Future' is merely the less-looked and/or for sure un-dealt part of "Present". Thats it, nothing less nothing more.
Proof -- well, like I said, Methematics is not important, nor is the 'Proof'. Will provide but some other day.
But just to sound intellectual and 'scientifically mature mind' -- Look at your life and you will know it. You will not ask for proof. And if you still did not get it, you will get it in future because for you future is not present. And for me it is "Present".
e.g: All your failures and regrets are nothing but realization of your 'fears'. But then since you had the 'fear' of 'something' that means that 'something' was preset long before you met it. You yourself had created it, you knew it then...But still you keep crying. You simply chose then not to analyze that 'risk' in full (less looked, un-dealt etc)
All your successes are 'dreams' fulfilled. But since you had dream, you saw it long before you met it.
Both above examples show that "future" was "present" before. It became "present" when you decided to "deal with it".
[Logicians - or any other 'ians' - hold your breath - just look at your life and you will know it. No proof needed]
Soh, we have agreed on - 'Future' is merely the less-looked and/or for sure un-dealt part of "Present". Then "Future" was present in 'Present", right?
>>More Yes and less No, But details later. Just call "Future" another part of "Present" [The correct way with bit higher precision will be - Everything, including "Present" has nature of 'infinity' raised to the power of 'infinity' in all dimensions and meta dimensions]
But then "Future" is/was "Present" - Yes. That is what I mean.
Ok, then another way of saying it would be - "Future and Present are/were there at the same time" - Well howsoever you say it for your ease, it does not change it. And this is nothing new this world knew it already - its just slice in different direction...they said it differently and they explained it differently [precision issue - high or low]
So before we go any further - What is "Present" then?
"Present" is simply the so called 'Dealt' part of "Present". In other words, "Present" has multiple dimensions (infinity and all that). What humans "chose" to look at, they call it "Present". What they decide not to look at becomes 'Future'.
Ok, lets understand it again - though there is no need to understand anything, For it is just well meaning mental chatter.
"
['Future' is merely the less-looked and/or for sure un-dealt part of "Present"]
A group wrongly supported in present becomes the militant group in future - undealt 'present' - is it correct "now" to support them? - This was the undealt part then. Folks knew it then that it 'may' be the "Future". Very basic example.
Similarly for other things - and then 'things' are just one of 'infinity' dimensions...
"Future" of "killing" "Murder" gets created when "Gun" is manufactured. No one is killing anyone by pressing the trigger.
But then hang the "manufacturer"...well, you are missing the point. Who knows if it was created at the time of metal ore mining...
then hang the miners...but you and I work in the mines...
But we feed our families...
and on and on and on either you can keep on doing this drama of analysis or just stop at it right now.
'infinity' and all that like I said.
"
Ok, fine, point taken. Lets believe for the time being that 09/11 was created long before 09/11 not on 09/11 itself. In corporate world, it is sometime called 'vision', 'plan', 'prototype'...endless list in infinite dimension.
By whom? Who created 09/11, We thought justice was delivered, is not it? -- well, there are 'infinity' answers and then 'answer' itself is one of the 'infinity' dimensions.
But how about the 'Delivered Justice'? well, that for sure goes in dust bin once and for all. But then in the end everything is worth only dust bin. You and I included. Human beings call it "Death" sometimes.
Ok, so just for my meager brain, I think now you are trying to be mystic, you are saying that since future is present. Hence no future, when no future hence no past.
That means only present. And you start with - Power of now, weakness of now, forever is in now, Tao, and all that. is it where you are headed?
Well Yes and No. I am not only "saying" that. I am also "saying" a lot more than that. I am saying "infinity" other things also. And then "saying" itself is just one of the "infinity" dimensions...and all that...
Ok, We have gone through "guns" a lot, lets talk something which might not sound so harsh. Lets talk corporate. The future of an organization is decided (say created)(say at the time of incorporation itself), what thoughts, images you had in your mind...one of those not so detailed looked picture might be the future. Big or small just one of the dimensions.
I think by now, we got the point that "Future" and "Present" are same. Then just regress it with basic maths. Then "Present" and "Past" becomes the same. Then "Past", "Present" and "Future" everything becomes one "Present".
Now if there is only one "Present", one thing not 03 things as past, present and future. We humans do not count "Only One" (that which is only one - present).
Now since human brain did not count it so it does not exist. If there is only one, there is no one. So even "Present" does not exist. But then "time" goes out of the window directly, is not it?
Yes, it does. But then how about motions and rest of the physics -- Well, that also goes out of the window.
But hang on "Did not they launch missiles that travel from point A to point B to kill lot many folks in the name of Blah Blah Bla... - what is that missile travel?
Well, you tell me? Who is killing whom and when? if at all killing is really happening. But "Death is factual reality" - No, it is not.
"Death" happens when you have chosen to stop narrating a story. Story narrates many you(s), Each "you" narrates many stories at each moment of time, space, and then infinity dimensions...
Ok, so time does not exist, so does physics...So then what is the new/revised version n-1 of new physics - You create if you want to be famous or need money or anything else...human welfare and all that...
And why only physics, that changes everything...including chemistry (my most disliked subject). Thank God, we may have better chemistry now, but hang on then other subjects go salty.
And keep on extending this argument in all dimensions...infinite number of times...
Ok, so now what can we do with this?
See all wars (activities), planned unplanned in-progress, in-planning...everything... is a war of "past", You did wrong to me in the past hence I am doing something wrong to you now in the present...but then "Past", "Present"...Did not we throw them out of the window?...Well you deal with it...
If we look at our "present" not with the glasses of "past", and see if we really have any problem to solve... Or we keep on doing the drama...
Who knows when we count our "present" problems, who knows if we have none. Yes, I understand you had 10000 problems in the past, I get it...But do we solve "Present" problems or the "Problems" of past.
And find out which "present" of yours is ready to make it your "future". OR which "Past" of yours is ready to make it your "Present".
And if none, it is not that you do not have it in you, It is just that "Presently" in your world you decided to "less-looked and/or for sure un-dealt" with it.
Ok, I agree with all of the above. You have made the statement of sounding 'mystic', 'logician', 'philosopher'...and all that. But now lets talk hard reality.
You know time exist, right? few years back you were small and then over a period of "TIME" you grew and all that life event. And Boss, you need to go to your office tomorrow, its Monday. Comeback from hangover.
Otherwise...you know what happens...And See you are anxious already for Monday tomorrow ("Future"). how about that?
Well, you know I mean all of it. I did not intend to joke. If it turns out to be a joke, be it so I may have created that future.
I can answer that easily but a lot has to be written---some other day. And yes, that is just one aspect of details, not worthy of elaboration.
But will talk about it some other day. Let this sink in first and then we talk about it some other day. Its Monday tomorrow, right? 🙂
(release -> mukt, mukti, freedom, and hence realization
non-release -> Bandhan, bondage, burden and hence...)
* Mathematics, Physics and everything else are not different subject, make them all as one subject and then try to solve the equations we will come closer. Not otherwise.
* Mathematics, logic, or any other tool available has limitations of 'precision' so do not ride on them too much. Tool 'eyes' on earth says 'Earth' is 'flat' and same tool from some other place says it is 'some other shape'.
* Same goes with other tools and equations - Newtonian equations suffer as much precision problem as Einstein or any other equations. - So lets drop those tools.
* 'Saw', 'Met' -- all these words will acquire different meanings in new way of looking at things. - Different meaning, not new meaning. Even new meaning was present always.
* We need to put multiple academic streams together - Physics, Mathematics, logic, language, script, human nature, 'cryptography', 'Blockchain'...till infinity raised to the power of 'infinity' in all dimensions and meta dimensions.
* 'infinity' - 'infinity' raised to the power of 'infinity' in all dimensions and meta dimensions
* "chose" - Itself has 'infinity' parameters that can not be analyzed by current brain of human beings and hence it can be called as 'Random'.
* 'Random' -> Noting is random and everything is random. Randomness of yesterday is order of today. Or other way round.
* lets not get bogged down into the 'correctness' - political, legal, copyright...and all that list of 'infinity' items. And then 'correctness' itself being one of the "infinity" dimensions.
* Will elaborate later but lets introduce one transaction (method, operator, function, lambda...like +), lets call it "reflection" (kind of derivative) - its all that. And then 'transaction' itself being one of the "infinity" dimensions and all that...
* Counting is useless - For it depends on the then ability of "counter" not on anything else. You can keep adding for whole of your life but reach nowhere...But then reaching anywhere is also not required...then 'space' is also just one of many dimensions...infinity and all that.
* Hash of Hash with Hashed key OR Cryptographic operation (hash or encryption or anything else) at every movement in time/space and infinite other dimensions
* It is a complex block chain, of infinite dimensions.
* That ways, it is circular with no start and no end. other periodic functions (AC wave) are circles with start/end.
* Jai "Ashtavakra"